observe the month of a Beebe and keep
observe the month of a Beebe and keep the Passover to the Lord your God for in
the Passover to the Lord your God for in
the Passover to the Lord your God for in the month of a Beebe the Lord your God
the month of a Beebe the Lord your God
the month of a Beebe the Lord your God brought you out of Egypt by night
therefore you shall sacrifice the
therefore you shall sacrifice the Passover to the Lord your God from the
Passover to the Lord your God from the
Passover to the Lord your God from the flock and the herd in the place where
flock and the herd in the place where
flock and the herd in the place where the Lord chooses to put his name you
the Lord chooses to put his name you
the Lord chooses to put his name you shall eat no leavened bread with it
shall eat no leavened bread with it
shall eat no leavened bread with it seven days you shall eat unleavened
seven days you shall eat unleavened
seven days you shall eat unleavened bread with it that is the bread of
bread with it that is the bread of
bread with it that is the bread of affliction for you came out of the land
affliction for you came out of the land
affliction for you came out of the land of Egypt in haste that you may remember
of Egypt in haste that you may remember
of Egypt in haste that you may remember the day in which you came out of the
the day in which you came out of the
the day in which you came out of the land of Egypt all of the days of your
land of Egypt all of the days of your
land of Egypt all of the days of your life and no leaven shall be seen among
life and no leaven shall be seen among
life and no leaven shall be seen among you in all your territory for seven days
you in all your territory for seven days
you in all your territory for seven days nor shall any of the meat which you
nor shall any of the meat which you
nor shall any of the meat which you sacrifice the first day at twilight
sacrifice the first day at twilight
sacrifice the first day at twilight remain overnight until morning
you may not sacrifice the Passover
you may not sacrifice the Passover within any of your gates which the Lord
within any of your gates which the Lord
within any of your gates which the Lord your God gives you but at the place
your God gives you but at the place
your God gives you but at the place where the Lord your God chooses to make
where the Lord your God chooses to make
where the Lord your God chooses to make his name abide there you shall sacrifice
his name abide there you shall sacrifice
his name abide there you shall sacrifice the Passover at twilight at the going
the Passover at twilight at the going
the Passover at twilight at the going down of the Sun at the time you came out
down of the Sun at the time you came out
down of the Sun at the time you came out of Egypt and you shall roast and eat it
of Egypt and you shall roast and eat it
of Egypt and you shall roast and eat it in the place which the Lord your God
in the place which the Lord your God
in the place which the Lord your God chooses and in the morning you shall
chooses and in the morning you shall
chooses and in the morning you shall turn and go to your tents six days you
turn and go to your tents six days you
turn and go to your tents six days you shall eat unleavened bread and on the
shall eat unleavened bread and on the
shall eat unleavened bread and on the seventh day there shall be a sacred
seventh day there shall be a sacred
seventh day there shall be a sacred assembly to the Lord your God you shall
assembly to the Lord your God you shall
assembly to the Lord your God you shall do no work on it you shall count seven
do no work on it you shall count seven
do no work on it you shall count seven weeks for yourself begin to count the
weeks for yourself begin to count the
weeks for yourself begin to count the seven weeks from the time you begin to
seven weeks from the time you begin to
seven weeks from the time you begin to put the sickle for the grain then you
put the sickle for the grain then you
put the sickle for the grain then you shall keep the feast of weeks to the
shall keep the feast of weeks to the
shall keep the feast of weeks to the Lord your God in the tribute of a free
Lord your God in the tribute of a free
Lord your God in the tribute of a free will offering from your end
will offering from your end
will offering from your end which you shall give as the Lord your
which you shall give as the Lord your
which you shall give as the Lord your God blesses you you shall rejoice before
God blesses you you shall rejoice before
God blesses you you shall rejoice before the Lord your God you and your son and
the Lord your God you and your son and
the Lord your God you and your son and your daughter your male servant and your
your daughter your male servant and your
your daughter your male servant and your female servant the Levite who is within
female servant the Levite who is within
female servant the Levite who is within your gates the stranger and the
your gates the stranger and the
your gates the stranger and the fatherless and the widow who are among
fatherless and the widow who are among
fatherless and the widow who are among you at the place where the Lord your God
you at the place where the Lord your God
you at the place where the Lord your God chooses to make his name abide and you
chooses to make his name abide and you
chooses to make his name abide and you shall remember that you were a slave in
shall remember that you were a slave in
shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt and you shall be careful to
Egypt and you shall be careful to
Egypt and you shall be careful to observe these statutes
you shall observe the feast of
you shall observe the feast of tabernacles seven days when you have
tabernacles seven days when you have
tabernacles seven days when you have gathered from your threshing floor and
gathered from your threshing floor and
gathered from your threshing floor and from your wine press and you shall
from your wine press and you shall
from your wine press and you shall rejoice in your feast you and your son
rejoice in your feast you and your son
rejoice in your feast you and your son and your daughter your male servant and
and your daughter your male servant and
and your daughter your male servant and your female servant and Levite the
your female servant and Levite the
your female servant and Levite the stranger and the fatherless and the
stranger and the fatherless and the
stranger and the fatherless and the widow who are within your gates seven
widow who are within your gates seven
widow who are within your gates seven days you shall keep a sacred feast to
days you shall keep a sacred feast to
days you shall keep a sacred feast to the Lord your God in the place which the
the Lord your God in the place which the
the Lord your God in the place which the Lord chooses because the Lord your God
Lord chooses because the Lord your God
Lord chooses because the Lord your God will bless you in all your produce and
will bless you in all your produce and
will bless you in all your produce and in all the work of your hands so that
in all the work of your hands so that
in all the work of your hands so that you surely rejoice three times a year
you surely rejoice three times a year
you surely rejoice three times a year all your males shall appear before the
all your males shall appear before the
all your males shall appear before the Lord your God in the place which he
Lord your God in the place which he
Lord your God in the place which he chooses at the feast of unleavened bread
chooses at the feast of unleavened bread
chooses at the feast of unleavened bread at the feast of weeks and at the feast
at the feast of weeks and at the feast
at the feast of weeks and at the feast of tabernacles
and they shall not appear before the
and they shall not appear before the Lord empty-handed every man shall give
Lord empty-handed every man shall give
Lord empty-handed every man shall give as he is able according to the blessing
as he is able according to the blessing
as he is able according to the blessing of the Lord your God which he has given
of the Lord your God which he has given
of the Lord your God which he has given you you shall appoint judges and
you you shall appoint judges and
you you shall appoint judges and officers you know all your gates which
officers you know all your gates which
officers you know all your gates which the Lord your God gives you according to
the Lord your God gives you according to
the Lord your God gives you according to your tribes and they shall judge the
your tribes and they shall judge the
your tribes and they shall judge the people with just judgment you shall not
people with just judgment you shall not
people with just judgment you shall not pervert justice you shall not show
pervert justice you shall not show
pervert justice you shall not show partiality nor take a bribe or a bribe
partiality nor take a bribe or a bribe
partiality nor take a bribe or a bribe blinds the eyes of the wise and twists
blinds the eyes of the wise and twists
blinds the eyes of the wise and twists the words of the righteous you shall
the words of the righteous you shall
the words of the righteous you shall follow what is altogether just that you
follow what is altogether just that you
follow what is altogether just that you may live and inherit the land which the
may live and inherit the land which the
may live and inherit the land which the Lord your God is giving you you shall
Lord your God is giving you you shall
Lord your God is giving you you shall not plant for yourself any tree as a
not plant for yourself any tree as a
not plant for yourself any tree as a wooden image near the altar which you
wooden image near the altar which you
wooden image near the altar which you build for yourself to the Lord your God
you shall not set up a secret pillar
you shall not set up a secret pillar which the Lord your God hates